Reference MailSender in StatsMailer (#5217)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/extensions.rst

will be sent to all recipients specified in the :setting:`STATSMAILER_RCPTS`
setting.

> Emails can be sent using the MailSender class
> 
> .. module:: scrapy.mail
>    :synopsis: MailSender class
> 
> .. class:: MailSender
> 
> To see a full list of parameters, including examples on how to instantiate MailSender and using mail settings, see :ref:`topics-email`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emails can be sent using the :class:`~scrapy.mail.MailSender` class. To see a full list of parameters, including examples on how to instantiate :class:`~scrapy.mail.MailSender` and use mail settings, see :ref:`topics-email`.
```
